[GIRL]
What words could convey it?
It was a world where
all things were new.
Each day shone
like a brilliant star.
And so, too, do the
memories of that age shine.
Treasures worth more than
all the world's riches.
Forsooth, we are
an omniscient god!
‐‐So who‐‐
‐‐[GIRL] Stay thy tongue,
for thy query
is yet known to me.
"Who standeth before mine eyes?"
That was basically it.
Yet the answer was given
ere thou thought to ask!
For I am indeed
an all‐knowing god!
By the name Odin.
Yea! As Odin shalt
thou address me!
‐‐Well, are you‐‐
‐‐I am not a lost child!
By my own will have
I come to this place,
and by that same divine will is
my being made known to thee.
Hey, the police are‐‐
A god need not seek the
aid of civil authorities!
We are not bound by the child
welfare laws of mortals.
‐‐[YOUTA] So what do‐‐
‐‐Yea.
Then hear thee now my will!
I find myself intrigued by
the sporting rituals of thy kind
and should like to take part.
First in the throwing of
the ball through the hoop.
Thy task is to aid me in this.
So then let's tarry no longer!
The spark of curiosity
burneth within!
I mean, I guess you can try it.
But after you do,
you gotta go home.
Verily. So be it.
All right, let's go.
Huh? Who is this and why is
she dressed like an anime nun?
Hold thy tongue and be
humble, for I am Odin.
Right, 'cause she's
a turbo‐nerd.
So do you know this kid?
Oh, no. We only just met.
Then you're lost?
Well, there's a police box
not too far from here.
Silence! I'm neither
a kid nor lost!
I am a god, ordained to rule
thy lowly kind from on high!
What's her deal, man?
[YOUTA] She says once she
makes a basket, she'll go home.
Couldn't hurt
anything, could it?
Okay, whatever, go on.
[YOUTA]
Uh‐‐
You good? 'Cause that
looked like it hurt.
But I'm still expecting
you to get it first try
with your god powers!
[ODIN]
So shall it be.
Now look on and be ye humbled.
[ODIN]
I ask you. Um...
When the ball traverses the
hoop, is some blessing granted?
[YOUTA, ASHURA gasp]
You were the one who
asked to take the shot!
I had assumed you wouldn't
dispose of your time
in ways so fruitless. [gasps]
Let's go.
We need to get this kid
to the police now.
Just wait!
We play basketball to
work off all the stress
from studying for
entrance exams.
[ODIN]
"Entrance exams"?
Yeah. For college, ya know?
'Tis no use.
Your efforts, however valiant,
shall amount to naught.
And why's that?
For in 30 days, your world
shall come to an end.
Okay, this "manic pixie
doom girl" thing's getting old.
Go and bother
someone else with it.
Then I shall be off.
[ASHURA]
Great, "be off."
[ODIN]
Or that is what we would say.
Dost thou believe gods
live in houses?
[ASHURA]
How the hell would I know?
Wait! If she's
actually in trouble,
then we need to
help her out, don't we?
You have fun with that.
I'm done with this crap.
Don't forget to tell
your girlfriend "hi" for me
on your big date.
It's not a date!
[ASHURA]
Peace!
So then.
[YOUTA] Okay. How do we
get you home to Hades?
A web of caves near Suwa
opens unto the far shore.
Why would we go there, you fool?
Don't mistake me
for a god of death!
I am Odin!
Right. Odin.
Last name is?
Satou.
Miss Satou.
Good to meet ya.
Now let's go.
My name is Odin!
[YOUTA]
Of course. Odin.
As my name was
asked and given,
so shalt thou give thine
and expect not
therefore to be blessed.
Uh, that's fair.
My name's Youta.
Youta Narukami.
"Narukami"? How is it written?
[YOUTA]
Well, like this.
Why does your stupid
name literally mean
the "God of the friggin' Sun"?
And why do I have the name
of a background character?
[YOUTA]
Please calm down, Miss Satou!
I won't calm down!
I'm trying to prove my godhood,
but your parents are all,
"Buh let's name him Sun God,"
so I gotta call you "Sun God"
and you're still calling me
"Satou"! I'm Odin, dammit!
Sorry about that.
And Odin was the
god of what again?
Heheh. Odin, god of gods,
to whom all others answer.
Conjurer of magic.
[ODIN]
Bearer of an unquenchable thirst
for the world's knowledge.
A raven at each hand
and a wolf at each foot
who yet hold vigil
over the throne.
[YOUTA]
Mm. And where's that?
Asgard, of course.
So do you know how to
get there by train?
Well, you start off
on the Chuo Line
‐‐towards Matsumoto, right?
‐‐Okay.
I'm handing the gag off to you
and you're just letting it die,
you big schmuck?!
You can't take a train to
the realm of the gods!
Are you getting this?
Why would they want a bunch of
random humans showing up?
They don't need you there
buying overpriced models
of Yggdrasil or
Valkyrie hug pillows!
Stay out of Asgard!
I guess that's fair,
but I can't take you home
if I don't know where that is.
And to my home no mortal may go.
That could be a problem.
I need to get to the library
pretty quick here.
And to what end?
I'm meeting someone.
A childhood friend of mine.
A young woman, perchance?
Wait, it's not like that!
She's a friend and a girl,
but, like, Izanami's
not my girlfriend!
[ODIN]
Izanami?!
How are you that loud?
And how could I not be?
Is your childhood friend
actually named Izanami?
Now that you mention it,
it is kind of odd.
Ugh, who cares if it's odd?
She's named for a god.
Wife of the god Izanagi.
We shall meet.
‐‐That's a no.
‐‐But wherefore?
What would I say
about your clothes?
She's gonna ask.
And this is a concern somehow?
[YOUTA]
Mm...
I can't keep waiting,
but I can't just
leave her here either.
[YOUTA] Just please
promise me you'll behave.
[ODIN]
Let there be no doubt.
[YOUTA]
Who is this girl?
And why is she
dressed like that?
[YOUTA]
Hm?
[ODIN] Indeed, what a convenient
location for a store.
[YOUTA]
Do you want something?
[ODIN]
An umbrella!
An umbrella? What, for the sun?
[ODIN]
For the rain, thou dotard!
So like, are you
not embarrassed?
Absurd.
Should I let my holy vestments
be battered by rain?
[YOUTA]
Whoa. It really is raining!
[ODIN]
Just as I foretold.
[YOUTA] Perfect, there's
a bus. Can you make it?
[ODIN]
Onto the bus?
No need. Our feet
shall be faster.
Uh. 'Scuze me, but I'm
pretty sure that's not true.
And the bus just left.
Then onward we shall go.
There'll be more
such pitfalls to come.
Okay...
I wouldn't have expected
this much traffic.
Behold. We have
indeed caught the bus.
[YOUTA]
Yeah, sure enough.
And now we've passed it.
Yea, as foretold.
Our feet were faster.
[YOUTA]
Now just to reiterate.
The friend we're meeting, who is
a girl, is not my girlfriend.
[ODIN] Such hath indeed been
made abundantly clear.
Good afternoon, Izanami.
Good afternoon, Narukami.
This exchange brings the rage
in my heart to boiling.
Goodness. Who is this
lovely young lady?
‐‐Satou.
‐‐A god!
[IZANAMI]
Oh my.
I'm jealous that
you're acquainted
with a god, Narukami. Wonderful.
Dost thou mock me?
I see no reason why I would.
That's amazing.
She just hit you straight
on with the god nonsense
and you didn't even bat an eye!
[IZANAMI]
Is it?
‐‐Oh.
‐‐"Oh" what?
You've got a crush on
this girl, don't you?
You love this girl.
Oh, no way!
We're childhood
friends, that's it!
No romance involved! Right?
It's true.
I can hardly imagine you
as more than a friend,
and may the gods
strike me down if I lied.
You've heard the truth.
[YOUTA]
No, no, no, please.
Will your soul bear it?
[YOUTA yells]
Study time!
We're here at the library and
the library is for studying!
I love it so much!
I love to study!
Yeah! All day every day!
What do I need with
the love of a wo‐‐
[YOUTA]
That happened.
[ODIN]
As I bore witness.
[YOUTA]
Can I hit you?
Strike a god?
'Twould be of no use.
Right, you wouldn't
even need to dodge it!
Reap as thou sowed.
Are you telling me
you're my punishment?
Because yeah, this is hell.
Thou art indeed a fool,
for thou let thy carnal desire
move thy gaze even
as the end was nigh.
[YOUTA]
The world's not gonna end.
[ODIN]
It shall.
[YOUTA] How? Do we get
hit by a giant asteroid?
[ODIN]
How shall I put it in words.
Listen, now.
By their own foolish choices
shall thy kind bring
about their end.
[YOUTA] Someone's gonna
push the nuclear button?
[ODIN] Surely thou believest
not that such a button exists.
Well I'm not really sure
that gods exist, either.
Ho, clingest thou still
to thy skepticism?
Fine. My divine wisdom
shall purge it fully
from the corners of thy mind.
It really doesn't matter.
It does!
Now say aloud the name of a
figure gone from this realm!
Ugh, do I have to? Anybody?
Indeed.
How about Natsume Souseki.
[ODIN] Yea, verily, he shall now
appear before thine eyes.
[YOUTA]
How's that work?
[ODIN] Natsume Souseki
shall manifest through me.
That's just great, honestly.
Thank you!
Unhand me!
The divine vessel
bearing my essence
shall soon bear his as well,
for through my godly powers
all things are made
possible, thou fool!
Uh...
Just go with it, all right?
Don't worry about the details.
Sure.
[ODIN]
Hark!
[gasps]
I am a cat. As yet
I have no name.
Why would he have said
that in a conversation?
I've no idea where I was born.
[YOUTA]
How do you keep getting worse?
[ODIN] All I remember
is I was meowing in...
[YOUTA] Yeah, I've read
the book, too, okay?
[ODIN gasps]
How'd I do?
[YOUTA]
You recited about two lines.
I am on today!
Now who's next?
[stomach growls]
I wouldn't have figured
the gods get hungry, too.
[ODIN]
Nay, hunger binds us not.
But lo, I have
willed myself hungry.
‐‐[YOUTA] You willed it?
‐‐[ODIN] I willed it!
You wanna get some food?
That would please me.
Cool. And then you'll go home?
The pact is sealed.
Hear thee now my will!
Ramen!
Yea, it is like than
unto from on high!
The broth glistens with
the holy light of creation!
From within this chashuu
I feel the radiance of the gods.
So it's divine, too?
Indeed.
All right, Youta,
where'd the kid come from
and why is she
dressed like that?
[YOUTA chuckles] Well she's
not wrong about the broth!
Huh. Not talkin', huh?
I'm pullin' for ya.
[YOUTA chuckles]
Thank you.
[ANNOUNCER 01A] Making their way
through the far turn now.
Zoroaster, favorite to win,
currently biding his time
in the middle of the pack.
All right, let's go!
Stay on pace bud,
you're in there!
What driveth this man to
shout so at the walls?
Horse racing.
The horses compete,
and you can make money
if you guess how they'll do.
Ohh.
[SHOP OWNER 01A]
Yes! Two and eight,
get me that eighteenfold payout!
It shan't be so.
Eight shall indeed finish first,
but three shall then follow,
and two only thereafter.
Hate to disappoint you,
little lady,
but three was goin' full
bore right outta the gate.
He's sure to start
droppin' back here.
Nay, sir, without
slowing he strideth on.
And lo!
[ANNOUNCER 01A]
Zoroaster hot on their heels,
but Omoikane refuses
to give any ground.
What an upset! Astarte takes it,
with the dark horse Omoikane
coming shortly behind!
The favorite Zoroaster
has been edged out...
As foretold.
How'd you manage that,
little lady?
That was an incredible call!
Such is the nature of a god.
For us, the universe
holds no secrets.
Art thou yet convinced, Youta?
Wha‐‐ Hang on, you can't prove
that wasn't a coincidence.
Plus you didn't
see how it started!
Then thou doubtest even still.
Hey, you! Will there yet be
further horse racing today?
There will in a bit.
There's another race scheduled
at another track later on today.
Then I shall predict for
thee the final standings
to the last detail.
[CROWD cheering]
Unbelievable.
She really did get
every detail right.
If I had bought a trifecta,
it woulda got me
a hundred‐fold payout!
For a god need not guess.
Youta, my boy!
You do know this girl could
make us billionaires, don't you?
[YOUTA]
The ramen was delicious, sir!
[SHOP OWNER 01A]
Literal billionaires, Youta!
[YOUTA panting]
Wherefore hast thou cut short
my meal and thine own?
What's going on here?
Who's doing this?
Are you hiding
a camera crew somewhere?
Forsooth, thou ratest a
vertical video at most,
bearing neither music
nor a caption.
[YOUTA] Is the ramen
shop guy in on this?
No, I've been going
there for years.
He couldn't pull off
a prank like this.
I almost have to believe
her power is for real!
Now, bearest thou
yet some suspicion
toward the ramen seller?
But could he so deceive
a friend of some years?
Deny not what thine
eyes hath seen!
My power is real!
[YOUTA gasps]
I possess the foresight
of the gods.
It's the plain truth.
[YOUTA] I still don't
believe she's a god,
and I definitely don't think
the world is ending.
But this girl...
She has some kind of
supernatural power!
Verily, where thou treadst,
mirth doth follow in thy wake,
and so too shall I follow thee
and share in thy company
till the end of days.
Yea, the power of a god
is at thy disposal.
What wilt thou wish for?
[YOUTA]
She's offering me her power?
But then, what do I wish for?
I... I wish...
[YOUTA]
Let me ace the entrance exams
and get into college
with Izanami!
By the time classes start,
the world will end!
[YOUTA]
Whoa. That soon?
Come on, I told you we
had 30 days forever ago!
Indeed I have bound myself
to the company of
a fool among fools.
[YOUTA] I've been saying
that same thing all day.
[ODIN sighs] But it is plain
to see thy heart longeth
unceasingly for
the maiden Izanami.
Well, guess there's
no point in hiding it.
Yeah, it's true. Has been
since middle school.
As I've seen.
But hark, though she looketh
on thee as but a friend,
through my power might her heart
and yours yet be united.
[YOUTA gasps]
You can really do that?
And be thee yet a skeptic?
But what you're describing
is actual mind control!
Hardly. Such is beyond me.
And yet, through
my divine insight
mayst thou learn her tastes
and mold thyself thereto!
[YOUTA] Whatever her power is,
can I stake this on it?
Understood. I'll do it then.
Help me. Tell me how
I can be Izanami's type!
Thy prayer is heard.
Now, hark.
She's way into baseball.
[YOUTA yells] And I joined
the basketball club?
How could it be baseball?!
She's crazy for
high school baseball!
[YOUTA] I've known her since we
were kids and I had no idea!
[ODIN] A regular at Koshien
for spring and summer both.
[sobs] Not the tournament, too!
[YOUTA] Most of the time
she barely speaks.
When she's watching
a baseball game,
does she get up
and cheer out loud?
[ODIN]
Like a woman possessed.
But I can't join
the baseball club
at the end of my senior year!
[ODIN] Then why not
issue a challenge?
Huh? Challenge who?
The baseball club.
[YOUTA gasps]
Call the team out
and send a dinger sailing
toward the heavens.
Hast thou never wondered
how thy beloved would react
to seeing thee hit
a walk‐off grand slam?
Verily.
Hast thou not thought how
her heart may thus be moved?
Uh... Why would I have?
[ODIN] Then I shall approach the
baseball club with thy terms.
[YOUTA]
Don't do that,
I don't know the first
thing about baseball!
I don't even know how
to swing a freaking bat!
[ODIN]
Nay, let thy heart be at ease.
For after all,
a god smileth on thee.
[YOUTA] This is actually
happening, isn't it?
[YOUTA]
She did it.
But how could she have
pulled all this together?
Hey. One out and then
you're done, all right?
[YOUTA]
Uh, right!
[YOUTA] Don't forget
what she told you. Believe!
Thou must bide the first pitch.
The opening fastball
shall pass the zone high.
Ball!
[YOUTA]
She called it.
So too shalt thou
bide the second.
A curve not hittable by
hands unsure as thine.
Strike!
[YOUTA]
That one, too.
[ODIN] The third pitch
shall also elude thee.
A low one, and inside.
Thy bat may at best
send it afoul.
Strike!
[YOUTA]
Three for three!
The fourth, too, swing not.
For indeed, without a miracle.
His slider shall escape thee.
Strike!
[YOUTA]
She does know!
And then verily
shall the fifth pitch,
slow like the long arc of the
sun, meet thy bat without fail!
Meet thy bat without fail!
[UMPIRE 01A]
Batter out!
Damn flashback Satou!
You rang?
That is not what that was!
And the fifth pitch you said
to swing at never happened!
[ODIN]
Fortune favors thee not.
[YOUTA]
That's not the point, okay?
Izanami came and watched me
strike out without swinging.
Is that pity on her face?
Disgust? What the hell
did you say to her?
[ODIN]
I said, in these same words,
"I should surely like to see
what Narukami is capable of,"
and she came here forthwith.
So she knows I'm capable
of failing horribly,
and she thinks I called out
the baseball club
so I could fail super hard in
public like some kind of idiot?!
[ODIN]
Fret not over what's done.
Huh?
Go forth and confess thy love!
[YOUTA] Now?! You want me to
confess my love right now?
[ODIN]
One mustn't spend one's days
bound by a fear of rejection
when but 30 such days remain!
Now, spring thee forth!
Ugh. Fine!
Izanami!
Yes, what?
Uh‐‐ Oh, well...
Ever since middle school,
I, um, I always
thought that, um...
I really like you, Izanami!
Please. Let my feelings‐‐
I'm sorry.
The sun doth retreat.
Wilt thou head home?
Guess I wilt.
You be careful heading
back to your place.
Back to my place?
Nay, to thine, with thee.
[YOUTA]
Whuzzat?
I shall live there.
[YOUTA]
What about Asgard?
For a mortal even to
attempt such a journey
would be the height
of foolishness.
[YOUTA] That's fine,
'cause I'm pretty sure
it doesn't exist
in the first place.
But that doesn't mean it's
okay if you decide on your own
to just move in
like a romcom manga.
My parents aren't
going to take in some
random cosplaying street urchin
who followed me home.
[ODIN]
Then call them and see.
They shall do just that.
[YOUTA]
Hey, Mom? Yeah, it's me.
This is gonna sound dumb,
but this weird little girl
is saying she wants to
move into our house.
So can I go ahead and
tell her she's full of it?
[TOKIKO gasps]
What's wrong?
[TOKIKO]
This girl.
How old is she and
how is she dressed?
[YOUTA]
Let's see.
Maybe tail end of
elementary school?
And her clothes kinda have
a certain magical
quality about them.
Someone said "anime nun," and
that fits pretty well I'd say.
[TOKIKO sighs] Okay.
Please bring her home with you.
Do what?
You're not thinking of
letting her stay, right?
[TOKIKO]
She can stay.
[YOUTA]
For real?
Dost thou see?
Is it not as I've said?
For indeed the eyes of a god
glimpse all that
is and could be.
[YOUTA]
Just...
...who is this girl?